.TH "OPENOCD" "1" "November 24, 2009"
.SH "NAME"
openocd \- A free and open on\-chip debugging, in\-system programming and
boundary\-scan testing tool for ARM and MIPS systems
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B openocd \fR[\fB\-fsdlcphv\fR] [\fB\-\-file\fR <filename>] [\fB\-\-search\fR <dirname>] [\fB\-\-debug\fR <debuglevel>] [\fB\-\-log_output\fR <filename>] [\fB\-\-command\fR <cmd>] [\fB\-\-pipe\fR] [\fB\-\-help\fR] [\fB\-\-version\fR]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.B OpenOCD
is an on\-chip debugging, in\-system programming and boundary\-scan
testing tool for various ARM and MIPS systems.
.PP
The debugger uses an IEEE 1149\-1 compliant JTAG TAP bus master to access
on\-chip debug functionality available on ARM based microcontrollers or
system-on-chip solutions. For MIPS systems the EJTAG interface is supported.
.PP
User interaction is realized through a telnet command line interface,
a gdb (the GNU debugger) remote protocol server, and a simplified RPC
connection that can be used to interface with OpenOCD's Jim Tcl engine.
.PP
OpenOCD supports various different types of JTAG interfaces/programmers,
please check the \fIopenocd\fR info page for the complete list.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
.B "\-f, \-\-file <filename>"
This is a shortcut for a \fB\-c "[script \fI<filename>\fB]"\fR
command, using a search path to load the configuration file
.IR <filename> .
In order to specify multiple config files, you can use multiple
.B \-\-file
arguments. If no such \fB\-c\fR
options are included, the first config file
.B openocd.cfg
in the search path will be used.
.TP
.B "\-s, \-\-search <dirname>"
Add
.I <dirname>
to the search path used for config files and scripts.
The search path begins with the current directory,
then includes these additional directories before other
components such as the standard OpenOCD script libraries.
.TP
.B "\-d, \-\-debug <debuglevel>"
Set debug level. Possible values are:
.br
.RB "  * " 0 " (errors)"
.br
.RB "  * " 1 " (warnings)"
.br
.RB "  * " 2 " (informational messages)"
.br
.RB "  * " 3 " (debug messages)"
.br
The default level is
.BR 2 .
.TP
.B "\-l, \-\-log_output <filename>"
Redirect log output to the file
.IR <filename> .
Per default the log output is printed on
.BR stderr .
.TP
.B "\-c, \-\-command <cmd>"
Add the command
.I <cmd>
to a list of commands executed on server startup.
Note that you will need to explicitly invoke
.I init
if the command requires access to a target or flash.
.TP
.B "\-p, \-\-pipe"
Use pipes when talking to gdb.
.TP
.B "\-h, \-\-help"
Show a help text and exit.
.TP
.B "\-v, \-\-version"
Show version information and exit.
.SH "BUGS"
Please report any bugs on the mailing list at
.BR openocd\-devel@lists.sourceforge.net .
.SH "LICENCE"
.B OpenOCD
is covered by the GNU General Public License (GPL), version 2 or later.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR jtag (1)
.PP
The full documentation for
.B openocd
is maintained as a Texinfo manual. If the
.BR info
(or
.BR pinfo )
and
.BR openocd
programs are properly installed at your site, the command
.B info openocd
should give you access to the complete manual.
.SH "AUTHORS"
Please see the file AUTHORS.
.PP
This manual page was written by Uwe Hermann <uwe@hermann\-uwe.de>.
It is licensed under the terms of the GNU GPL (version 2 or later).
